[Music] let's
see I would have liked the
help
I would have liked the help of these two
because they sent me here the slow one more
Juan guarnizo such and such and I say damn let's see it
lasts a [ __ ] hour and apparently he talks
about windy about Dallas about all his
controversies no then I don't know if to take me I don't
know if to take me
several excerpts about this
yes no Or take me just one about about about
all the topics
look here it starts here the topic
Dallas would start no That's right
Juan came to collaborate
controversy Juan Dallas one above all no several several
several
on one occasion both on Twitch and for his
YouTube channel it seemed like a
good working relationship but it all
fell apart when Juan forgot to answer
some messages to Dalas and what happened you already
know he dedicated some videos to them and but but but
but
because that's what I'm asking This video
because he's watching a video with what
several tweets everything seemed like a
children's theme but here the question is was Dalas
really interested in a
work friendship or did he only look for Juan to be a
video of a topic that at the time
got millions of views or so  will
help you with your project questions that will
never have answers
everyone thinks what they want that's how
the icebers are
I have that green that I
have an iceberdes don't even make me
see it from Plus alza they don't work
quietly
I still ask myself and it's what I
think of Dallas I don't dislike him I don't dislike him at all there are
videos that I keep
watching for example right now I live some on the
subject of Russia Ukraine I think that he won't
like me very much the truth but I
Genuinely believe that after
I asked for forgiveness because genuinely I
was a [ __ ] idiot at first
now I think Sure sorry when the
students at the time Ok They went too
far with him then the seven towns They
went too far with the dala at the
time but well just like me not and they
apologized to him publicly without a
problem everything Great but as a result of that let's
see if I don't answer his messages
okay me who has had nothing but good
words for him and if I don't have good
words I stay quiet
[Music] will
help you achieve immortality
yes [ __ ] many content creators  They
had a mega giveaway for iPhones
look look at the thumbnail of air
Look at the thumbnail That's it it doesn't say anything else
three minutes this excerpt
something else where [ __ ] was thrown on his
roof the dala with this thing about Juan and Ari
Well look let's see I didn't agree
with him in that controversy
at some point Yes but I didn't see the
importance that was given to it the truth
seemed to me like something that could have been
settled having spoken in private and
sometimes solved and in the end well whether
you like it or not it doesn't hurt to get along with
people who are also good people
Look Juan Juan, things at work help me
that you will never know but things
come on incredible no and he has always been there
for things that have made me a part and I have
needed no
[Music]
one thing is that you don't go getting close to
people, don't go getting close to such a
group of the Guay because you don't because you are
not interested because you are worth on your
own because you don't have to follow
anyone but another thing is what the [ __ ] when
colleagues and friends who are good people come up to you,
keep it Hey it's that they don't
answer my ghosting they don't  they
answer things no Well, you
have to treat people On the same
level Okay, if it's a person that you
write messages to and they only
answer you when they're interested or they only
answer you sometimes,
well, you treat them On the same level do
n't give people more than what
they give you On the same level you have to treat them
okay, but not a
fight either, man I understand that the dollar
happens to him a lot like it happens to me, if he has
something here that he wants to say and he is and he
thinks that that's how it is and also they
love each other, he needs to let it out you know if you don't
let it out it stays here he has to
let it out Okay then, there's the
desire to let it out he decided to end it like he
ended them but
for the controversies like the controversies
of the dala who usually then throw barbs And
throw more innuendos And throw more things he didn't
want to give more wars either
Dalas about everything he had about everything
he thought his version of the
facts is from his perspective and that's it
there it stayed I mean he didn't want to give
the subject more movement as far as I remember okay, it would
n't have been bad if  would have
gotten along with the fact
that from time to time their live shows with
them playing, changing the chip a little, you
know,
no, no. But well, that's it, it didn't work, it didn't
work. I'm going to make several extracts. I'm going to
make several extracts.
Because if several extracts can be made, I'm
going to make them. Okay. So,
look for them here on the channel, okay, the
following strata
[Music]